Module 17-1_What is a Regression?

1. Let's assume that you have World Bank data on financial, economic and social indicators for several countries. 
   You want to measure the factors that affect the level of development in these countries. To this end, you decide to use per 
   capita income as a proxy for the development level, which is defined as the national income divided by the population. 
   You want to use some features in your dataset to predict per capita income. Is this task a classification or a regression task? 
   Why?
1A. Using financial data to predict values can usually be treated with a regression. Since we are trying to predict per capita income,
    then this could be a regression task. There are technically an infinite number of possible values in a continuous line.
    If we wanted to predict level of development in groups of per capital income ranges, then that would likely be a 
    classification task.

2. Which of the following arguments are false and why?
   - OLS is a special type of linear regression models
     False: It's an optimization algorithm.
   - Regression models become useless if they don’t meet the assumptions of linear regression.
     False: There are 6 conditions for assumptions that must be met. However, if something falls apart, you can address it.
   - Estimation and prediction are the same thing in the context of linear regression models.
     False: Estimations are generalizing trends in the coefficients, whereas predictions use estimations to determine an outcome.
   - Linear regression is only one kind of regression model. Regression problems can also be solved with other kind of models 
     like Support Vector Machines or Random Forests.
     True

3. Assume that your project manager wants you to discover which free services your company offers make your customers buy more 
   of your paid services. Formulate this task as a regression problem and write down the potential outcome and features that you’d 
   like to work on.
3A. I'd like to take total revenue of paid services by month and plot it against amount of free services used per month.
    Then, which coefficients have the better fit, then we could predict an outcome by pushing more a percentage more free serices
    with respect to total income.
    
